[dramatic music plays]
Welcome, competitors, senseis, sponsors,
and esteemed guests to Barcelona,
this year's home
of the world's greatest karate tournament,
the Sekai Taikai.
[cheering]
The Sekai Taikai boasts
a rich and proud history.
And if you are here,
it's because you embody
all that the Sekai Taikai stands for.
Leadership, respect, sportsmanship.
Captains, step forward
and tie on your headbands.
[dramatic music continues]
[Gunther] Captains, you will have
the honor and privilege
to compete in
our televised tournament of champions.
But that is only
if your dojo does well enough
in our team competitions
to make it to the final four.
Once the tournament is over,
we will then tally
all the points your dojos have earned.
The dojo with the most points
wins the Sekai Taikai.
- Team events begin tomorrow.
- Did you know?
- [Gunther] Each event counts.
- No.
- [Gunther] They will all be a surprise.
- I swear.
[Gunther] But today,
it's about enjoying our host city
and making new friends.
Or enemies.
[tense music plays]
[Gunther] We have a field trip arranged
for our competitors.
And for our senseis,
a cocktail mixer
with our distinguished sponsors,
some of the world's finest
martial arts brands.
It's a beautiful day
to make a first impression.
And I suggest you enjoy it,
because tomorrow,
your lives change forever.
Good luck,
and welcome to the Sekai Taikai!
[cheering]
[dramatic music plays]
[upbeat Spanish music plays]
All right. Listen, go get your room keys.
Get everyone else settled in. All right?
We gotta take care of the driver.
Go ahead.
What a shit show this is, man.
You know, Tory's here 'cause of you.
Wait a second. After what we just saw,
you're coming after me?
Tory's mother just died,
and you wanted her to fight.
All you did was feed her anger.
No wonder she went back to Kreese.
You don't have to worry about that.
Mark my words, Kreese is a dead man.
Oh, that's gonna solve all our problems.
If you pull your typical crap here,
we are gonna get kicked out. Hear me?
Cobra Kai is one dojo out of 16.
It's not us against them anymore.
If Kreese gets in our head,
we've already lost.
We're not losing.
I'm taking him out of commission.
No, you're not.
You are here as a Miyagi-Do sensei,
all right?
We may not like it,
but we're in this together.
No. We're here next to each other,
not together.
Which room do you guys want?
Uh, I'll... I'll... I'll go with you.
- Really? I figured Robby and I would--
- No. I'll bunk with El Serpiente.
You fart in your sleep.
Erroneous. And he who observed it
served it, by the way.
- Whoever said the rhyme did the crime.
- You just rhymed.
- You said the rhyme first.
- But you also rhymed.
- [Hawk] Okay, but...
- Thank God we aren't boys.
[Hawk] So hypocritical!
What are you talking about?
Are you okay?
- [Hawk] You rhymed first.
- How could Tory go back to Cobra Kai?
I thought things had changed.
[ominous music plays]
Whoa.
So you're the famous Miyagi-Do.
We have heard about you,
but I do not know why.
You do not look like much.
Yeah?
You'll see better
when you step on the mat.
Come on, guys. It's not worth it.
Robby's right. Forget about them, okay?
They're just any other dojo here.
[Robby] Tory. Hey, wait.
[ominous music plays]
[speaks Korean]
[Kwon laughs]
- [Hawk] Should we be worried about him?
- [Miguel] No.
- Robby's gonna be fine.
- I wouldn't be fine.
What?
Sounds like
things are a little tense there.
Do I need to come out
and get everything back on track?
Maybe visit a beach or two?
- You'd probably handle it better than us.
- [shower running]
I haven't even gotten hold of Chozen yet.
Hopefully, he meets us
at this cocktail mixer.
Cocktail mixer. Wow!
Things are really terrible there, huh?
No. Hey, this is all business.
Mingling with the sponsors is my chance
to make a good first impression
for Miyagi-Do on the world stage.
Just turn on that salesman charm.
You'll knock 'em dead.
Got more water pressure
out of a damn garden hose.
Your roommate, on the other hand...
Shower's just sneezing on me.
I'm calling the front desk.
Don't touch that. They're on sensors.
If you move them, we're gonna get charged.
Eight dollars for a beer?
- Eight euros. It's nine dollars.
- [Johnny] Nine dollars?
Hello? Uh...
Necesito nuevo cabeza de, uh... shower.
How do you say sh--
Did you just call me a douche?
This is my new favorite show.
[knocking on door]
[ominous drum roll]
Get moving. The buses are leaving.
[Tory exhales]
I'm not here for a field trip.
Your team is waiting.
Yeah, I'm not here for them either.
Let me be clear.
I did not want you on this team.
And I still don't.
Well, I am. Which means
you didn't have a better choice.
Hm. I saw your potential right away.
But I also saw that you're a rat.
Whining, and distracted
by split loyalties, the boyfriend.
And by you breaking my hand.
You broke your own hand.
- I knew you were not a leader.
- [Tory] I don't wanna be.
I only took the captain's spot
so I can be the last one fighting.
And you'll be the last one losing.
[door closes]
I don't have anything to say to you.
I know you're struggling.
But you made the right decision.
You will make your mother proud.
I hope so.
I know so.
You know,
you don't have to like your team.
Sometimes we have to play... nice
to get what we want.
[Johnny] Better be food at this thing.
[Daniel] You just concentrate
on holding it together with Kreese.
[Johnny chuckles] Please. I'm not the one
who punched out Silver at a charity event.
I shoved him, and he flopped. It wasn't...
How do you even know about that?
If you talk to any of the sponsors,
just make sure--
Yeah, I know. Miyagi-Do pride.
Don't be a dumb American. I got it.
All right.
I'll be fine as soon as I get
some Spanish chimichangas in me.
[upbeat Spanish music plays]
The truth is, Miyagi-Do was never
a competitive dojo until recently.
I was my sensei's first student.
It's been my life's honor to spread
his teachings to the next generation.
Hey, man. One per customer.
Excuse me?
You took the last two steaks.
Oh, one is for a friend.
But even if it weren't, I'm entitled
to enjoy as many pieces as I like.
Yeah? Maybe I'm entitled to stop you.
Hey, hey, hey. Hey, sorry about that.
- Excuse me one minute.
- [scoffs]
What happened to literally
everything we talked about?
- The guy's probably a sponsor.
- The guy's a steak stealer.
So let him steal the steak.
This is our moment, Johnny.
Let's not blow it over nothing.
All right, all right.
[ominous music plays]
[camera shutter clicks]
Now, everybody smile and say, "Barcelona."
One, two, three.
[all] Barcelona.
[photographer] Louder. Barcelona!
[all] Barcelona!
[photographer] Sexy. Everybody...
Going out of their way to let us know
how special the captains are.
Yeah, I'm getting that.
[Devon] It seems like
everyone already knows each other.
- [indistinct shouting]
- I'll have you right here!
It's not exactly friendly either.
Maybe it's like prison.
Just punch the toughest guy
square in the jaw on day one.
- Hm.
- Yeah, there are a lot of tough guys.
[photographer speaks Spanish]
Smile. More.
Some of these boys are cute, huh?
[photographer speaks Spanish]
All right, show me the tongue.
One, two, three. Sexier.
Maybe you already got dibs.
And one more.
You there in the back, smile.
Show some emotion.
Okay, let's get one more.
Okay, never mind. We're done.
[in Korean] There she goes again.
Captain, my ass.
[foreboding music plays]
[woman in English] My company
is always looking for new partnerships.
We handle international licensing
for dojo-specific gear
while also providing
official Sekai Taikai apparel.
That reminds me of something.
Do you have... any idea how old this is?
[mysterious music plays]
Based on the design,
it appears to be 1950s era.
- Maybe even 1940s.
- Wow.
Where did you acquire this,
Sensei LaRusso?
These captain bands
don't exactly pop up on eBay.
It belonged to my sensei.
Must be quite a story.
I'm sure it is.
- What are these things made of?
- Yes, uh, those are acrylic.
They don't hurt that bad. You might wanna
go back to the lab on these.
All the Sekai Taikai champions
use and stand by these products.
These your models? I got
way better-looking kids at my dojo.
- Let me show you some photos.
- That's not really the criteria.
The sponsorship opportunities
are for champions.
Oh yeah? What is that? Fifty bucks a day,
opportunity to do some skin flicks?
I went down that modeling road.
It leads to nowhere good.
No. I mean the best-performing dojos
and champions are well taken care of.
Like paying for college?
Yeah. And then some.
I'm Sensei Lawrence, by the way.
Miyagi-Do Karate.
Very deep-rooted dojo. Diversified,
inclusified, all those things.
The kids would make
a great addition to your brand.
Fine craftsmanship here.
[man] Be careful.
That point is very sharp.
Oh, don't worry.
I know how to handle a blade.
I keep my own
very close.
Very impressive eunjangdo.
Yes. There's a lot of sentimental value
here as well as historical value,
but it's still deadly in the wrong hands.
Or the right hands. [chuckles]
One good swing of these
could get the job done just as quick.
[man] Well, uh...
Well, I think most people
would rather be holding the knife.
- What do you think?
- Uh...
It's not about the weapon.
It's about who's using it, right?
Plan on avoiding me the entire tournament?
No.
But I don't know what you want me to say.
I made my decision.
You could have at least told me.
I wanted to, but you...
you would've talked me out of it.
So, when Kreese came to you,
this was what it was about?
He's using you. You know that, right?
He helped you
when you had no other options.
Okay, but you have options, Tory.
Or... had.
What options?
You can't honestly tell me I would've
gotten a fair shake at Miyagi-Do.
Sam was always gonna be the captain.
They were waiting for an excuse.
That is not true. Look.
[gentle music plays]
I know you've made your decision.
And I know it couldn't have been easy.
And I am so sorry about your mom.
You said we'd stick together.
We shouldn't talk about this now.
Tory...
[kids] Vlad, Vlad, Vlad, Vlad, Vlad, Vlad!
[Hawk] What the hell is this?
[kids] Vlad, Vlad, Vlad, Vlad!
- [Vlad grunts]
- [crowd groans]
[Vlad in Russian] Damn it!
Not even close.
No one beats mine.
Team USA.
Everyone knows
America's best at everything, right?
[laughter]
[Kwon] Let's see! Let's see!
USA! USA!
[crowd] USA! USA!
- [Kwon] Come on!
- [crowd] USA!
- Are you scared? Come on!
- USA! USA! USA!
So this really is a mystery, then.
He never talked to you about it?
No, never.
Is this blood?
[Gunther] The tournaments
were even more brutal back then.
There's one man who might know
something about this.
Master Serrano.
Who... who's that?
[Kim Da-Eun] Serrano.
Legendary champion.
Everybody knows this.
I haven't heard that name in a long time.
Is he even still alive?
He stopped coming to tournaments
a few years back, but he's still with us.
He was even living here in Barcelona
at one point.
I can try and get in touch.
Maybe get a number or address.
That would be incredible.
I would love to speak with him
and just, you know,
try and get some answers.
What the hell
are you doing at this tournament?
Well, I owe some people here
a little payback.
You know, Johnny,
I've always taken it easy on you
because I had a soft spot for you.
But things change.
Now I'm gonna show you
what the true definition of "no mercy" is.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah.
What if I tell everyone
about your little prison escape?
All the charges were dropped.
I mean, who would go against
a veteran with PTSD,
innocent of the crime
for which he was convicted,
and then he had to escape
to save his life?
Self-defense takes many forms, Johnny.
But you already know that,
because, after all,
you're Miyagi-Do.
Hey. Whatever is going on here,
it stops now.
Well, I was just telling your employee
I would love to speak to his supervisor.
Okay, listen. We don't need
to do this anymore, all right?
We all have too much at stake here.
On the contrary.
Some of us have nothing to lose.
But not you, LaRusso.
You've got a lot to lose.
You've got a lot
that could be taken away from you.
- You wanna level threats, son of a bitch?
- Come on.
- All right, back off.
- [Chozen] Get hands off of me.
- [security guard] I need your badge.
- [speaks Japanese]
[Chozen grunts]
[Chozen chuckles]
I am with Miyagi-Do.
Learn name. Miyagi-Do Karate.
[speaks Japanese]
He's drunk.
Miyagi-Do!
Oh, ho, ho!
My guy.
- [bartender] Yes, sir?
- Long Island iced tea, eh?
Two.
One for this fist, one for this fist.
Double fist! [laughs]
[Miguel] This isn't a good idea.
Hey, toughest guy in prison, right?
You said that.
No. No, I didn't say that.
I don't agree with that idea at all.
You know what? This is dumb.
- I said that.
- [Hawk] Whatever.
[Yoon] Yo.
Are you really
the best your dojo has to offer?
- I'm tough enough to kick your punk ass.
- Please, you are not even captain.
- Where is he?
- [Robby] I'm right here.
Come on, guys. We're leaving.
[Kwon] You always
walk away from challenge?
Or is it because girlfriend
is on our team?
[kids laugh]
Robby.
Hey. You got this.
Show 'em what's up.
[tense music plays]
What, I gotta kick above that line?
[Kwon] What, too easy for you?
Okay, let's make bet, then.
You kick,
then I kick.
You win, you get my room.
I win, I get your room.
You're on.
[Miguel] Robby.
[tense music continues]
Dude, you're gambling our rooms away?
Isn't that, like, a team decision?
I'm not gambling.
I'm getting us an extra room.
That's gambling. He's gambling.
[music stops]
[tranquil music plays]
I get why you did it.
That makes one person.
[chuckles]
So, how are things going over there?
Everyone hates me, right?
They're worried about you.
They're worried about Robby too.
- What do you mean?
- We need him on his game.
And... this
has just... taken him off of it.
I thought... for sure
that this was my only choice.
Now that I'm here,
I don't know.
[Sam] Devon.
Let's go.
Sam, wait.
I'm not gonna say that I'm sorry.
I... I didn't want things to be like this.
I don't know what it's like
to lose a parent.
I know you made your decision
under pressure.
Honestly, the only reason
I'm so hurt is because...
I thought we were friends.
I would have helped you.
I just wish you would have come to me,
or to Robby even.
Yeah, I did. I went to Robby
when Kreese first came to me.
But I had to make this decision on my own,
knowing what it would mean to him,
to you, to everyone.
If you wanna own this choice,
then I can respect that,
even if I disagree with it.
But just know
that when we meet on the mat,
whenever that is,
I won't hesitate.
Maybe it won't come to that.
It will.
[tense music plays]
Okay, just give it a good running start.
That Russian guy that went before you
jumped way too early.
- The physics behind--
- I'm telling him. I know the physics.
I'm going to a school
world-renowned for it.
- My God.
- Maybe you've heard of it.
Sure. "I'm going to MIT." I get it.
- Hey, guys, please. Will you quit it?
- Come on.
I got this.
[tense music plays]
[Robby grunts]
[crowd gasp]
Oh shit!
[tense music plays]
Ha!
[tense music builds]
[Kwon grunts]
[crowd gasp]
No way.
Don't worry.
I leave your bags in the hall.
[laughter]
Cobra Kai!
[Cobra Kai students] Cobra Kai!
Cobra Kai! Cobra Kai!
[speaks Japanese]
It's all good. It's all good, man.
Please, Chozen. Please.
Let me get you back to the room. Okay?
Come on.
How come no steak?
What kind of place is this?
Isn't it a shame that not everyone
can represent our sport with decorum?
Get off my back.
Chozen. Wh-- what happened?
Where've you been?
Why are you drinking so much?
I went Okinawa.
[in Japanese] I'm looking for Kumiko.
[in English] I see Towel Man.
[man] Kumi-chan?
[in Japanese] Guess she's in the shower.
I can go check.
No! Not necessary.
[in English] Shower Man, huh?
Shower Man wearing a towel!
- Okay.
- [Chozen] I was ready.
I even bought flower.
Flower? What... what flower?
For Kumiko.
Oh shit. This is about Kukomo.
I bought flower.
I bought...
that flower.
This is bad.
- [Chozen yells]
- [vase smashes]
- [Daniel] Grab him.
- [Johnny] On it.
Whoa, whoa.
[Chozen yells]
- All right, get over here, buddy.
- Chozen, come on.
Relax. Everything's gonna be okay.
Kumiko!
Gentlemen.
I think perhaps it's time to leave.
[chuckles]
[Spanish pop music plays]
[music stops]
Well, this sucks.
Not a very smart gamble, boys.
Yeah. Somebody said
it wasn't gonna be a gamble.
I didn't wanna get involved.
I told you to stay away from Cobra Kai.
It's so simple.
If it's simple,
why don't you follow your own advice?
- What are you talking about?
- We all saw you talking to Tory.
Come on. I mean, she's his girlfriend.
Yeah, he's dealing with her decision.
Same as the rest of us.
I wouldn't say that exactly.
You knew Kreese came to Tory.
What? You did?
Yeah. I... I mean,
I knew that Kreese went to Tory,
yeah, but it was before her mom died.
He was trashing Miyagi-Do,
saying she wasn't gonna have a fair shot.
She told him to get lost. Come on.
I didn't know she was gonna do this.
Really? This is what Kreese does.
He played her. And he played you.
And you lied to us about it.
[Robby] Come on, guys.
That's not fair.
I didn't lie.
Miguel.
[exhales]
[upbeat music plays]
[sighs]
♪ I have a picture ♪
♪ Pinned to my wall ♪
♪ An image of you and of me ♪
♪ And we're laughing with love at it all ♪
♪ But look at our life now... ♪
[farts]
[Hawk] Oh, Demetri, dude!
That was not me.
♪ Delighting with tears... ♪
[Robby] Keep the covers down.
♪ Oh, oh, oh, hold me now ♪
♪ Whoa... ♪
[snoring]
♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Let loving start
Let loving start ♪
♪ Whoa, whoa... ♪
[groans] Kumiko.
♪ Whoa, warm my heart ♪
♪ Warm my cold and tired heart ♪
- ♪ Stay with me ♪
♪ Let loving start
Let loving start ♪
♪ Whoa, whoa ♪
♪ Hold me now ♪
- ♪ In your loving arms ♪
- ♪ Oh... ♪
[knocking on door]
Hey.
I figured this might be
a better time to talk.
Actually, I don't know if it is.
I'm only making things worse for you.
No. It's all right.
[Tory] No, it's not. That's why I...
I think we should just
focus on karate while we're here.
What does that mean?
What's best for us is
what's best for our teams, and vice versa.
I need to own my decision to be here.
So, uh... So, th-- this is a... a breakup?
No, it's just
a pause.
It's the right thing for both of us.
But Robby, I wanna see you
on that podium next to me, like we said.
- Please just trust me on this.
- [Robby] I wanted to be there for you.
Any one of us would've been there for you.
But you don't trust Sam. You don't trust
our senseis. You don't trust me. You...
You don't trust anyone but yourself.
Good luck tomorrow.
[dramatic music plays]
The time has come.
Welcome to our first event.
I hope you're all well rested
and ready for a new
and unique competition.
We call it the "Captain's War."
We told you
how important your captains will be.
So let's see how well you protect them.
Four dojos will take the mat.
Only one will be left standing.
If you hit the mat, you're out.
If one of your captains hit the mat,
your entire team is out
for this round.
Check the boards to see your group,
decided by random draw.
Group A, you're up.
[suspenseful music plays]
[Daniel scoffs] Cobra Kai, of course.
We take Miyagi-Do first. They're weakest.
Let them come to us.
Then we fight the other dojangs.
That won't work. I know them.
They're going to protect the egg.
We need to attack. Break their front line
and get to the captains.
Be quiet, okay?
You just stay out of way
and don't fall down.
And let them come to us.
Protect the egg.
Make sure Sam and Robby are safe.
- I can be on the front line.
- No.
- You just stay back and stay focused.
- Why wouldn't I be focused?
You did leave the hotel room last night.
I know what to do, but they won't listen.
I'm ready to win. No distractions.
Why are you telling me? Go do it.
Give them no choice but to follow you.
[suspenseful music plays]
It's all yours.
I know it hasn't always been pretty lately
but no one could ever count us out.
You hear me? Do it for each other.
[suspenseful music grows]
And wipe the smirks off their ugly faces.
[Gunther] Ready?
What are you doing?
- Not giving you a choice.
- [Gunther] Begin!
- [Demetri] Protect the egg!
- [speaks Korean]
[Tory yells]
[Demetri groans]
[Miguel] Demetri's out.
Robby, stay back.
[tense music plays]
[Daniel] Guys, protect Sam.
We can't have her go down.
- [Hawk] Sensei, I got my hands full.
- [Sam] Ai!
[all grunt]
[Devon] I got Tory!
- [Tory grunts]
- [Devon] Need some help!
[grunting continues]
[Kwon in Korean] Forget him.
Go after the captain.
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[groans] [in English] Lee's out.
Hawk, protect the captains.
[Hawk yells]
[dramatic music crescendos]
[Hawk groans]
[tense music plays]
Did you sleep okay, huh?
Let's go.
Come on, Robby!
[tense music continues]
[Kwon yells]
[Kwon grunts]
[tense music continues]
[groaning]
You got it, Sam.
[Sam grunts]
[tense music continues]
[Sam yells]
[Hawk] Miguel, watch out!
[Miguel] Ais!
- [Miguel] Robby, you good?
- [Robby] I got him.
[tense music plays]
[grunting]
[tense music continues]
[Kwon groans]
[Robby grunts]
[tense music continues]
[Robby groans]
[tense music swells]
[music stops]
No!
- Shit.
- [announcer] Captain down.
- Damn it!
- [announcer] Miyagi-Do is out!
- Too easy, man. Come on.
- Prick.
Hey, you did the best you could,
but the captain fell.
[grunting]
[buzzer blares]
[announcer] Falchi Della Notte
captain down.
They are out. Only Cobra Kai
and the Iron Dragons remain alive.
- [Tory] All six are still standing.
- What is your strategy now?
Same as before.
We're outnumbered two to one.
Pierce the front line,
go straight for the captain.
- Okay.
- [Yoon exhales]
[tense music plays]
[Kwon and Yoon yell]
What are they doing?
[exclaims]
[suspenseful music plays]
I'll take the little girl.
You two get the big guy.
[suspenseful music continues]
[in Korean] You go low, I go high.
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
[buzzer blares]
[announcer in English] Both Cobra Kai
captains go down. The Iron Dragons win.
[cheering]
Welcome to Barcelona, bitch.
[upbeat Spanish music plays]
[music fades]
[theme music plays]